README.md, before:

Source Code Pro
====

Overview
----
Source Code Pro is a set of OpenType fonts that have been designed to work well
in user interface (UI) environments. In addition to a functional OpenType font, this open
source project provides all of the source files that were used to build this OpenType font
by using the AFDKO makeotf tool.

Getting Involved
----
Send suggestions for changes to the Source Code OpenType font project maintainer,
phunt@adobe.com, for consideration.


Building
====

Pre-built font binaries
----
The font binaries are not part of the source files. They are provided in the [Downloads](https://github.com/adobe/Source-Code-Pro/downloads) section.


Requirements
----

For building binary font files from source, installation of the [Adobe Font Development Kit for OpenType](http://www.adobe.com/devnet/opentype/afdko.html) (AFDKO) is necessary. The AFDKO tools are widely used for font development today, and are part of most font editor applications.

Building one font
----

Key to building OTF or TTF fonts is `makeotf`, which is part of the AFDKO toolset.  
Information and usage instructions can be found by executing `makeotf -h`.

In this repository, all necessary files are in place for building the OTF and TTF fonts.  
For example, build a binary OTF font for the Regular style like this:

	$ cd Roman/Regular/
    $ makeotf -r


Building all fonts
----

For convenience, a shell script named `build.sh` is provided in the root directory.  
It builds all OTFs and TTFs, and can be executed by typing:

	$ ./build.sh


Installing
====

[Font Installation Instructions](http://www.adobe.com/type/browser/fontinstall/instructions_english.html).

Commit message:

Added instructions for updating remote repositories after name change.

README.md, after:

Source Code Pro
====

Overview
----
Source Code Pro is a set of OpenType fonts that have been designed to work well
in user interface (UI) environments. In addition to a functional OpenType font, this open
source project provides all of the source files that were used to build this OpenType font
by using the AFDKO makeotf tool.

Getting Involved
----
Send suggestions for changes to the Source Code OpenType font project maintainer,
phunt@adobe.com, for consideration.

Repo URL Change Note
----
We recently changed the repo URI for Source Code Pro. If you have forked or cloned the repo you will have to make updates to your local version.

First check your remote repositories
`git remote -v`

Usually you will have `origin` (in the case of a clone) and something like `upstream` if you've forked the repo. To update those you need to run

`git remote set-url origin https://github.com/adobe/source-code-pro.git`

If you have other remote repositories you will need to run that command again and replace `origin` with the name of the remote repository (eg `upstream`).

Building
====

Pre-built font binaries
----
The font binaries are not part of the source files. They are provided in the [Downloads](https://github.com/adobe/Source-Code-Pro/downloads) section.


Requirements
----

For building binary font files from source, installation of the [Adobe Font Development Kit for OpenType](http://www.adobe.com/devnet/opentype/afdko.html) (AFDKO) is necessary. The AFDKO tools are widely used for font development today, and are part of most font editor applications.

Building one font
----

Key to building OTF or TTF fonts is `makeotf`, which is part of the AFDKO toolset.  
Information and usage instructions can be found by executing `makeotf -h`.

In this repository, all necessary files are in place for building the OTF and TTF fonts.  
For example, build a binary OTF font for the Regular style like this:

	$ cd Roman/Regular/
    $ makeotf -r


Building all fonts
----

For convenience, a shell script named `build.sh` is provided in the root directory.  
It builds all OTFs and TTFs, and can be executed by typing:

	$ ./build.sh


Installing
====

[Font Installation Instructions](http://www.adobe.com/type/browser/fontinstall/instructions_english.html).
